Stephen we expected an open game tonight
did we see the best and the worst of
your side perhaps yeah you could say
that I think going forward very pleased
in my team I thought we looked a threat
we counted very well and when we call
Spartak all kinds of problems and last
time we went in in control in a good
place well football is about levels and
if you don't defend properly we don't
clear your lines at the right time if
you're not in the right positions which
we work on every day if you don't do the
basics well high level players and high
level teams will punish it and that's
what's happened tonight what do you
think was behind that because it's
uncharacteristic defending for Rangers
so far this season in Europe err
mistakes players under pressure make
mistakes it's a big surprise to me
because you know these players of Garcia
and they've been really trusted and
undone actually well but they're being
praise Allah so maybe you know that they
may have to face the media and talk you
through why but we'll certainly analyze
it and we'll try and improve well moving
forward in the last two games in the
group it's impossible for us to get
through if we define like that oh
my eyes gives us a good chance that's
the thing some of the goals that you
were fantastic candy is for one was an
excellent finish there and you could
have actually been further ahead at
halftime were you frustrated with that
Morales offside decision which actually
proved to be incorrect of course of
course but you don't have saying things
that get yourself into trouble but it's
a perfect goal it's an excellent finish
and we should be going away were the
points and I put soon as I should be who
out the officials I get myself into
trouble do you feel the defensive
changes played any part at all in the
frailties today possibly if if people
want to say that I'll take
responsibility for that but I think
under 12 on the 13th normally can clear
the ball with either foot
and I think when you get a little bit
older ill enough to play the game
positionally so I don't know I'm a bit
confused over that one especially with
the lads that were picked because
they've done so well for a so far and
got us into this position so I can't be
too critical it was Hamish particularly
on Alan McGregor who made somebody
standing thieves were you tonight
yeah and he's done that in every game
for us and I think the difference with
those is we you get away with it against
a lot of teams but not at this level not
against a team that's full of talents
and the next Champions League team you
get punished if you don't do the basics
well positives from at Glen Middleton
his first European start and goal and
obviously a debut for Gareth McAuley as
well for you yeah you know because we
were putting the pressure on at the very
end you know we all know he's a big
threat from set-pieces so just trying to
get him on the pitch in terms of Glen he
was excellent he done exactly what was
asked of him he still in in the game
very young but with Ryan's injury it's a
wonderful opportunity for them and he'll
get chances and minutes to impression
he's done himself an alarm tonight and
with the two games left to play
obviously with defending like that you
won't be confident of going through but
do you feel that you can take strains
from the performances you've had already
in this group to take into those two
games yeah look we've got good people in
the dressing room we've got lads who are
honest and open and I'm sure once we
debrief it they'll realise where they've
got a lane and how we've got it improve
them I mean I'm already looking forward
to Villarreal now I mean what a night
that's gonna be I think we have to
remember where we are you know and we
can't criticize the lads too much
because they've done incredibly well
so even be in this position but now that
we're yeah we we want to really go for
these last two games and we want to do
our best to try and qualify and
tonight's a big lien and they feel is
not just for the Europa in general you
know it's a big lane and they thought us
and just finally you in any position to
comment on the the domestic situation
with Kennedy was excellent for you
tonight but his appeal has been rejected
a university anything only that were
disappointed with the decision we
thought there would have been some
common sense but unfortunately that
hasn't been so we we move on thanks
Steve